Bump @docusaurus/types from 3.8.0 to 3.9.2 (#419)
rsksmart/devportal: rif/storage/services/pinning/guides/testnet.md

---
layout: rsk

> title: RIF Storage Pinning service - Testnet setup

Reviewer: How similar do you predict this Testnet set up will be to the the Mainnet set up?

If you reckon that they are mostly the same, I would suggest that you have a single document for this, and perhaps the title can be "RIF Storage Pinning service - Testnet setup"

... and within the doc, you simply highlight the parts where Testnet and Mainnet differ.

Reviewer 2: Very similar if not identical, will do :)

---

### Prerequisities
- [nodejs](https://nodejs.org/) v10+
- npm v5.6+
- [ipfs](https://ipfs.io/) v0.6+ (we suggest installing with [`ipfs-update`](https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs-update))

### Install
Install the pinning service with
```npm i  -g @rsksmart/rif-storage-pinning@next```

### Run
1. **!IMPORTANT:** For now ensure that the `NODE_ENV` variable is set to `testnet` and the `RIFS_CONTRACT_ADDR` is set to the testnet contract address `0x4E1D9dBE2a6B643d64322c747e2E2Da5A808669A`
    ```bash
    export NODE_ENV=testnet
    export RIFS_CONTRACT_ADDR=0x4E1D9dBE2a6B643d64322c747e2E2Da5A808669A
    ```
    **NOTE:** this step will not be necessary after release
2. Initialise the service with
```rif-pinning init --offerId=<your_rsk_address>```

> Where the offerId is your RSK wallet address with which you register on RIF Marketplace. The full list of options can be found on [the pinner repository](https://github.com/rsksmart/rif-storage-pinner#rif-pinning-init).
> 3. The init command will output a communication PeerID which is used to announce status updates or errors to the endusers. You then start the service with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where the `offerId` is your RSK wallet address with which you register on RIF Marketplace. The full list of options can be found on [the pinner repository](https://github.com/rsksmart/rif-storage-pinner#rif-pinning-init).
3. The `init` command will output a communication PeerID which is used to announce status updates or errors to the end users. You then start the service with:
```
